README.md, before:

# Aviation Wildlife Analysis

*Project in progress...*

Brief project description: Analysis of wildlife strikes on aircraft in the USA between 1990 and 2023. The goal is to identify trends, patterns, and risks and to present the data visually. It serves as a **data science mini-project** for practice purposes and my first project for a GitHub portfolio.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Project Structure

-   `aviation-wildlife-analysis/`
    -   `data/`
        -   `raw/`
        -   `processed/`
    -   `scripts/`
        -   `01_load_clean.R`
        -   `02_eda.R`
    -   `report/`
        -   `report_01.qmd`
        -   `report_01.html`
    -   `README.md`
    -   `.gitignore`
    -   `LICENSE`

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Data Source

-   Datensatz: [FAA Wildlife Strikes on Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/dianaddx/aircraft-wildlife-strikes-1990-2023/data)
-   Period: 1990–2023
-   Format: CSV

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Tools & Libraries Used

-   **Programming language:** R
-   **Packages:** `tidyverse`
-   **IDE:** Positron / RStudio

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Usage / Instructions



------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Examples / Screenshots

Commit message:

Update README to contain link to report page

README.md, after:

# Aviation Wildlife Analysis

*Project in progress...*

Brief project description: Analysis of wildlife strikes on aircraft in the USA between 1990 and 2023. The goal is to identify trends, patterns, and risks and to present the data visually. It serves as a **data science mini-project** for practice purposes and my first project for a GitHub portfolio.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Data Source

-   Datensatz: [FAA Wildlife Strikes on Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/dianaddx/aircraft-wildlife-strikes-1990-2023/data)
-   Period: 1990–2023
-   Format: CSV

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Tools & Libraries Used

-   **Programming language:** R
-   **Packages:** `tidyverse`
-   **IDE:** Positron / RStudio

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Project Summary

See [here](https://fr-analytics.github.io/aviation-wildlife-analysis/) for a detailed summary of the analysis, findings, and visualizations.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
